feat: Add Rapid Response reports plugin (#17)
mitodl/open-edx-plugins: src/ol_openedx_rapid_response/README.rst

> ol_openedx_canvas_integration

Author: Point #1,2 Addressed

Re: Point#3 - Recently we have been creating our basic architecture from edX's [cookie cutters](https://github.com/edx/edx-cookiecutters). edX has used now the `.rst` format for the repos. Since these plugins are purely going to be used for the open community of edX so I think it would be good if we keep on following the common Ope edX's approach.

=============================

Overview
--------

> A django app plugin for edx-platform to enable ``Rapid Response`` reports download functionality in ``Instructor`` tab.

Reviewer: Question: is this plugin going to be expanded to implement the actual rapid response functionality? In other words, is the `rapid-response-xblock` functionality going to be moved into here, then we'll get rid of that repo? 

If yes, we should update this overview and various comments in this PR to be less specific. Something like "A django app plugin for edx-platform to enable ``Rapid Response`` problems in Open edX". If we don't do it now, we will almost definitely forget to do it later

If not, and this plugin is _only_ going to be used for the report functionality, then this plugin should be renamed to something more specific like `ol-openedx-rapid-response-reports`, and various other things like folder/file names and comments should be updated in the same way

Author: This plugin would not be expanding with the Rapid Response xBlock functionality. That xBlock can be installed and used independently but the reports download functionality is optional which can now be installed as a plugin alongside the rapid response if needed.
_I've updated the plugin name as per your suggestion_

**NOTE:**

Since the edx-platform’s ``Instructor Dashboard`` does not support the plugin based tab extensions so we had to make some changes in the edx-platform itself to add ``Rapid Responses`` tab through this plugin.
So, the ``edx-platform`` branch/tag you're using must include below commit for ``ol-openedx-rapid-response`` plugin to work properly:

- https://github.com/mitodl/edx-platform/commit/f6c7cc6ea528819e8779e3137c806911a81a3198

Installation
------------

> You can install it into any Open edX instance by using any of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install this plugin into any Open edX instance by using any of the following methods:
```

> - To get the latest stable release from PyPI
> 
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>     pip install ol-openedx-rapid-response

Reviewer: This can be a bit more descriptive and better organized:

```suggestion
**Option 1: Install from PyPI

.. code-block::

    # If running devstack in docker, first open a shell in lms (make lms-shell)
    
    pip install ol-openedx-rapid-response
```

> - To create a build locally and install it
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>     # Open Terminal
> 
>     1. Navigate to "open-edx-plugins" directory
>     2. Run ./pants build  # Do this if you haven’t run it already
>     3. Run ./pants package ::  # This will create a "dist" directory inside "open-edx-plugins" directory with ".whl" & ".tar.gz" format packages for all the "ol_openedx_*" plugins in "open-edx-plugins/src")
>     4. Install the "ol-openedx-rapid-response" using any of ".whl" or ".tar.gz" files generated in the above step

Reviewer: Following the above comment

```suggestion
**Option 2: Build the package locally and install it

Follow these steps in a terminal on your machine:

1. Navigate to ``open-edx-plugins`` directory
2. If you haven't done so already, run ``./pants build``
3. Run ``./pants package ::``. This will create a "dist" directory inside "open-edx-plugins" directory with ".whl" & ".tar.gz" format packages for all the "ol_openedx_*" plugins in "open-edx-plugins/src")
4. Move/copy any of the ".whl" or ".tar.gz" files for this plugin that were generated in the above step to the machine/container running Open edX (NOTE: If running devstack via Docker, you can use ``docker cp`` to copy these files into your LMS container)
5. Run a shell in the machine/container running Open edX, and install this plugin using pip 
```

> Dependencies

Reviewer: Nit: This section should be moved above the Installation section

---------------

> Since this plugin adds support for the `Rapid Response xBlock <https://github.com/mitodl/rapid-response-xblock>`_ report downloads so you need have that installed in order to use this plugin.
> 
> To install the Rapid Response xBlock you can simply use:
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>     pip install rapid-response-xblock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
This plugin generates reports for `Rapid Response xBlock <https://github.com/mitodl/rapid-response-xblock>` submissions, so you need have that package installed in order to use this plugin. That package is on PyPI and can be installed via pip.
```
```

How To Use
----------

> 1) Install ``rapid-response-xblock``
> 
> 2) Install ``ol-openedx-rapid-response`` plugin

Reviewer: These are setup steps that are already covered above. I don't think we need to repeat them here

```suggestion
```

> 3) Follow the instructions on https://github.com/mitodl/rapid-response-xblock and create multiple choice problems and add some responses
> 
> 4) Log into the LMS with an admin/staff, open a course having rapid response problems and click ``Instructor`` tab
> 
> 5) You should now see ``Rapid Responses`` tab inside instructor tab
> 
> 6) Click the ``Rapid Responses`` tab and you should see a list of ``Timestamped Links``, upon clicking any link a CSV report file should be downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Follow the `Rapid Response xBlock <https://github.com/mitodl/rapid-response-xblock>` instructions to create multiple choice problems, configure them for rapid response, open the problem for rapid responses, and add some submissions while the problem is open.

2) Log into the LMS as an admin/staff, open the rapid response-enabled course, and click ``Instructor`` tab. You should see a ``Rapid Responses`` tab.

3) Click the ``Rapid Responses`` tab. You should see a list of timestamped links. Clicking any of those links should download a CSV report.
```
